[MUSIC]
>> Justin Meyer: So
we were implementing dollar each.
I'm gonna go through my implementation.
And please if you haven't finished,
code along with me.
So here is the dollar each function.
Here is the collection of either it's
an object or something array like.
And the callback when we call with the
with the property or index and the value.
So the first thing I'm going to do
is just check if this is array like.
>> Justin Meyer: [COUGH] If it's array
like I'm going to do a for loop,
the normal for var i = 0.
i is less than collection.length.
And then I'm gonna increment i.
So that's that I'm gonna go through
each item in this collection and
call back callback.
So what I'm gonna do is call back.
That's my callback.
I'm gonna call it.
I'm gonna make it so,
I don't think it matters for this example,
but I wanna make it so,
the this inside this callback
is the value at i.
So I'm gonna write,
var value = collection.
>> Justin Meyer: That's the value there.
So I'm gonna call back this value,
the index as the first argument and
the value as the second argument.
And then if this is not a array
I'm gonna do a for in loop.
>> Justin Meyer: And
I'm going to do a collection.
I'm wanna make sure that this
collection has this property so
I'm gonna do if
(collection.hasownproperty(prop).
Not prop like that, prop like that.
So make sure this collection.
I'm only gonna be iterating through
properties that are directly on
the object, not up it's proto chain.
And as long as that is true,
I'm going to be calling my call
back again with the value.
>> Justin Meyer: At of the prop.
>> Justin Meyer: I'm gonna the call the
value, the prop is the first argument and
the value as the second argument.
And then I'm going to return
the original collection.
>> Speaker 2: Yes,
I corrected one of your templates 128.
>> Justin Meyer: But then it's going
to blow away what I just wrote.
>> Speaker 2: I didn't know that.
>> Justin Meyer: No, yes, okay, and.
I meant yes.
Okay, now it's a good time to
go in there and change it.
>> Speaker 2: You were experimenting,
line 28 you were experimenting.
Yeah, okay So
this was object.prototype.toString.call
(object).
>> Justin Meyer: Okay, cool.
Any questions about this?
>> Speaker 3: Yes You're asking
the question about the syntax of value
property value?
Why is it that way?
>> Justin Meyer: Value property value.
Okay, so what I'm doing is this
a function that was passed in and
this is the cool thing.
Again, so cool about JavaScript is you can
pass functions in, it's cool but abstract.
You can pass functions in and
then you can kind of call them.
We're making our own
iterator function here.
What this is doing, this is a function and
remember there's the call
function on functions
which takes his arguments
the first argument is the this that we
want this function to be called with.
And all of the other arguments are going
to be this going to be the first argument.
There's gonna be a second argument
this function is called with.
Hopefully
>> Justin Meyer: The context
of the call doesn't have to be value for
our exercise and
how we're gonna be using
our own version of jQuery.
I could put null in here or make a default
to window or something like that.
However jQuery does make
the this in its dollar each.
The value of every item.
So we're kind of being closer
with jQuery does here but
it doesn't have to be that way for
what we're doing today.
Yeah.
Any other question?
>> Speaker 3: One question is
the context of call having to be value?
Do you see that question?
>> Justin Meyer: That's what
I was just trying to answer,
the context of call having to be value.
Yeah, we're conforming to jQuery's API.
You don't have to make it in your
exercise for what we're doing today.
Just I have to pass something in here so
I can pass these arguments [COUGH]
cool.
Everybody there, about?
Cool, all right go on to the next one.
I think there's two more.
Here, three more, there's proxy too
I thought, or did we not do proxy.
It's there, I can't read.
>> Speaker 2: We're not quite
done with that one, are we?
>> Justin Meyer: Did I miss something?
Let me run my test.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Justin Meyer: Passes, when did I,
when my I thought you had to check
because I was getting problems
with just doing the call.
>> Speaker 2: Most of them were
passing but there was one that.
See it runs nine checks and
like three of them were failing.
>> Justin Meyer: When we start the-
>> Speaker 2: I ran into that
before I returned to collection.
>> Justin Meyer: Okay, I'll start
the next exercise, so to get people
started on that and then I'll help you
with whatever that was, does that work?
Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Okay, cool.